Although I have been with you since I was five years old.
In my mind. One is a very good dad.
I didn't expect you to be such a father.
The delivery speed is really fast. Shut up.
Ye Qingyun, Ye Qingyun. If you had listened to dad earlier.
It is suitable for Zhou Gongzi to go to three thousand.
Why Yejia? He wouldn’t be in the current situation.
car. car. Yun'er from Yejia.
Directly to the car. Don't leave a penny behind.
It's Ye Qingyun. You are a show-off.
dad. It's useless for a coquettish woman like this to keep her heart at home.
Get the fuck out of here. Wild blue clouds.
The abdominal muscles in my heart are not like yours
I am a young man and you are a strong man
Break off the relationship with you
You always have your Yang Guandao
This car, everyone can do it
What starting system?
I heard it was the Zhou family
Now look at the business of the group and the Zhou family
It should be because of this
My relationship with Zhouda Company
We can have a family meeting together
Mr. Shen will definitely continue to invest in us
we had a relationship
I'm counting on you for these 800 million.